Man who throws dirt is losing ground.
Man who run in front of car get tired, man who run behind get exhausted.
Man who laughs at himself never run out of things to laugh at.
If winter comes, can spring be far behind?
If you look back, you'll soon be going that way.
Man's wife his better half, but mistress his better whole.
Man with beard face rough time.
A fresh start will put you on your way.
A good time to finish up old tasks.
All the effort you are making will ultimately pay off.
Determination is what you need now.
Do not make extra work for yourself.
Don't worry; prosperity will knock on your door soon.
Every flower blooms in its own sweet time.
Feeding a cow with roses does not get extra appreciation.
If you look in the right places, you can find some good offerings.
In order to take, one must first give.
In order to give, one must first take.
It is worth reviewing some old lessons.
Nature, time and patience are the three great physicians.
First man get oyster, second man get shell.
The weather is wonderful.
What’s hidden in an empty box?
What is the sound of one hand clapping?
Your material possessions weigh you down.
You will be pleasantly surprised tonight.
You will find great contentment in the daily, routine activities.
You will travel far and wide, both pleasure and business.
Maybe you are searching among the branches for what only appears in the roots.
Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness.
Do not afraid of moving slowly. Be afraid of standing still.
Doubt is the greatest enemy.
A true master is an eternal student.
Never await victory.
Extend your senses.
Find your centre.
Waste not a minute.
Endless trials await.
Today will be a worthy test.
Enlightenment is knowing the value of one's ignorance.
Those who do not know their limits will never reach their potential.
The spirits live among us; thier power echoes throughout the land.
Force is meaningless without skill.
You have not earned victory this day.
Your spirit trembles.
Beware the dragon spirit.
Worry not.
Act free of doubt.
Fear clouds your mind.
Rethink your approach.
Expand too far, and you lose your centre.
We do what we must.
Master yourself, master the enemy.
Opportunities multiply as they are seized.
Better to be a warrior in the garden than a gardener in war.
He who conquers himself is the mightiest warrior.
It does not matter how slowly you go, as long as you do not stop.
The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.
The hardest thing of all is to find a black cat in a dark room, especially if there is no cat.
The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials.
And remember, no matter where you go, there you are.
Never give a sword to a man who can't dance.
When the wind blows,the grass bends.
Fate has made its choice.
Only actions truly speak.
Observe.
Look inward.
Look down.
Look again.



A journey of a thousand miles begin with a single step.
The dragon spirit offers you another chance.
Any day above ground is a good day.
Protective measures will prevent costly disasters.
Be careful or you could fall for some tricks today.
Chance favors those in motion.
An acquaintance of the past will affect you in the near future.
Be cautious while walking in darkness alone.
Run
The change you started already have far-reaching effects. Be ready.
The night life is for you.
Variety is the spice of life.
Not all advice is reliable.
Don't you feel silly? Don't you feel stupid? Don't you feel a little ashamed?
Stay vigilant.
Every second you aren't running, they're getting closer.
Proceed with caution.
Time to get moving. Your spirits will lift accordingly.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you will never see shadows.


